Add model-last saving mechanism to pretraining (#12459)
explosion/spaCy: website/docs/usage/embeddings-transformers.mdx

this by setting `initialize.init_tok2vec` to the filename of the `.bin` file
that you want to use from pretraining.

A pretraining step that runs for 5 epochs with an output path of `pretrain/`, as
an example, produces `pretrain/model0.bin` through `pretrain/model4.bin`. To

> make use of the final output, you could fill in this value in your config file:

Reviewer: The default still produces all the intermediate files, right? I think I'd leave the first sentence in as something like:

> A pretraining step that runs for 5 epochs with an output path of `pretrain/`, as an example, produces `pretrain/model0.bin` through `pretrain/model4.bin` plus a copy of the final output as `pretrain/model-last.bin`.

> Similar to training, pretraining produces a `model-last.bin` file which is the
> last iteration of the trained weights which you can use to initialize your
> `tok2vec` layer. Additionally, you can configure `n_save_epoch` to tell
> pretraining in which epoch interval it should save the current training
> progress. To make use of the final output, you could fill in this value in your
> config file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A pretraining step that runs for 5 epochs with an output path of `pretrain/`, as
an example, produces `pretrain/model0.bin` through `pretrain/model4.bin` plus a
copy of the last iteration as `pretrain/model-last.bin`. Additionally, you can
configure `n_save_epoch` to tell pretraining in which epoch interval it should
save the current training progress. To use the final output to initialize your
`tok2vec` layer, you could fill in this value in your config file:
```
